Add logic to connect nodes (#9218)
rotki/rotki: docs/api.rst

   :statuscode 409: No user is logged or failed to delete because the node name is not in the database.
   :statuscode 500: Internal rotki error

.. http:post:: /api/(version)/blockchains/(blockchain)/nodes

>    By doing a POST on this endpoint the app will try to connect to the provided node. If no node is provided then the app will try to connect to all the nodes tracked for the chain.

Reviewer: Would it not make sense, as discussed in discord to turn this into a connect/disconnect endpoint?

And to make it so that the endpoint says, you are aleady connected if connected, or disconnected if not connected.

   **Example Request**:

   .. http:example:: curl wget httpie python-requests

      POST /api/1/blockchains/eth/nodes HTTP/1.1
      Host: localhost:5042
      Content-Type: application/json

      {
        "identifier": 8
      }

   :resjson int identifier[optional]: Id of the node that will be connected.

   **Example Response**:

      The following is an example response of querying Ethereum nodes information.

      .. sourcecode:: http

         HTTP/1.1 200 OK
         Content-Type: application/json

         {
         "result": {
            errors: [{
                  "name": "Cloudflare",
                  "error": "Example error"
               }]
            },
         },
         "message": ""
         }

      :resjson list errors: A list with information about the web3 nodes that couldn't be connected. Empty if all the nodes were connected.
      :resjson string name: Name of the node.
      :resjson string error: Reason why the node wasn't connected.

   :statuscode 200: Connection logic executed.
   :statuscode 400: Wrong blockchain provided.

>    :statuscode 409: No user is logged or failed to delete because the node name is not in the database.

Reviewer: Delete seems like copy pasta. Need to change, but not sure on what yet,

```suggestion
   :statuscode 409: No user is logged or failed to connect/disconnect because the node name is not in the database.
```
